IfcDistributionSystem Rail Relocated Pset_EnvironmentalCondition (#312)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Properties/m/MinimumStorageTemperature_0EEQzV6qrBOw1KDdYos7$D/Documentation.md

> Minimum storage temperature that system complies with (C°)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Minimum storage temperature that the system or equipment can operate effectively at.
```

Reviewer 2: or maybe a bounded value for `StorageTemperatureRange` with:

> Effective storage temperature range that the system or equipment can operate effectively at.
